doc: Improve IC guide in PR Template (#642)
sendbird/sendbird-uikit-react: .github/pull_request_template.md

## For Internal Contributors

> * Follow trunk workflow(https://trunkbaseddevelopment.com/)
> * Branch naming -> `{type}/TICKET_ID/description`
>   * Where type = `feat` / `feature` / `fix` / `chore` / `doc` / `release`
> * Always recive PR review approvals
> * Rebase your branch with main, wait for CI to pass
> * Squash merge your commit
>   * Follow the following template for both PR description and squashing to main
>   * Use imperative language in title and description
>   * The template is very similar to conventional commits. [Read More](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)

Reviewer: nit suggestion; just made some little touch ✏️ 
```suggestion
* Follow the trunk workflow(https://trunkbaseddevelopment.com/)
* Branch naming format -> `{type}/TICKET_ID/description`
  * Where type = `feat` / `feature` / `fix` / `chore` / `doc` / `release`
* Always receive PR review approvals
* Rebase your branch with the main branch, and wait for CI to pass
* Squash merge your commit
  * Follow the provided template for both the PR description and squashing to the main branch
  * Use imperative language in the title and description
  * The template is very similar to conventional commits. [Read More](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)
```

> Template

Author: A lot of thought leaders advocate for 50/72 formatting
ie: max 50 chars for PR title, and 72 for summary. (not a hard limit)
Its good to follow those ~ especially for people primarily using command line ->
max 50 chars makes these jobs more easy to do through command line:
* Rebasing
* Cherry-picking
* git log --oneline
* Git lens in your ide
 
https://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html

```
// PR title
[type]: A short description of changes in imperative language

// Section: PR description. Optional!

Add a brief description of the changes that you have involved in this PR
Bullet points are also fine

// Section: Footer. Recommended!
// Recommended! if you are dealing with SB_ISSUES(Customer issues) or release tickets
Fixes: [<TICKET_ID>](https://sendbird.atlassian.net/browse/<TICKET_ID>)

// If you want to add coauthors - say you pair programmed or they made significant contributions to the ideas in code
// and you want to thank them

> Co-authored-by: name <name@example.com>, name2 <name@example.com>

Author: This is to follow -> https://git-scm.com/docs/git-interpret-trailers 
They come handy when it comes to autogenerating changelog etc
https://zerokspot.com/weblog/2020/10/24/git-commit-messages-with-attributes/

> // PR title
> [type]: A short description of changes in imperative language
> 
> // Section: PR description. Optional!
> 
> Add a brief description of the changes that you have involved in this PR
> Bullet points are also fine
> 
> // Section: Footer. Recommended!
> // Recommended! if you are dealing with SB_ISSUES(Customer issues) or release tickets
> Fixes: [<TICKET_ID>](https://sendbird.atlassian.net/browse/<TICKET_ID>)
> 
> // If you want to add coauthors - say you pair programmed or they made significant contributions to the ideas in code
> // and you want to thank them
> Co-authored-by: name <name@example.com>, name2 <name@example.com>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// PR title (Required)
[type]: A short description of the changes in imperative language.

// Section: PR description (Optional)
Add a brief description of the changes that you have involved in this PR.
Bullet points are also fine.

// Section: Footer (Recommended)
// Recommended if you are dealing with SB_ISSUES (Customer issues) or release tickets.
Fixes: [<TICKET_ID>](https://sendbird.atlassian.net/browse/<TICKET_ID>)

// If you want to add coauthors - for example, if you pair programmed or they made significant contributions to the ideas in the code and you want to thank them.
Co-authored-by: Name <name@example.com>, Name2 <name@example.com>
```

## For Internal Contributors

> * Follow trunk workflow(https://trunkbaseddevelopment.com/)

Author: For normal situations, lets follow trunk workflow..
But if there is a major change - say, rewrite of SDK or major version update such as v4 -> v5..
We can choose other flows
